Describe how to add a product with configuration for the Managing a Shopping Cart page (#1312)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/shopping-assisted-cart-manage.md

   ![]({% link images/images-ee/customer-account-manage-cart-update-cart.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Cart Updated_

### Add a product with configuration

> There are 4 types of products that need to be configured before adding to the cart: `Bundle Product`, `Configurable Product`, `Grouped Product`.

Reviewer: We spell out numbers under 10 as a general tech writing style rule and there are only three named here

```suggestion
There are three types of products that need to be configured before adding to the cart: `Bundle Product`, `Configurable Product`, and `Grouped Product`.
```

Author: Thanks, done ✅

## Create the order

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Create Order</span>.

Reviewer: Good fix!! thanks :)
